Lab01 uf2 and fix (#43)
UPB-FILS-MA/upb-fils-ma.github.io: docs/lab/01/index.md

## Exercises

1. Complete the given exercise sheet.(**3p**)
<!-- <a target="_blank" href={ require("./assets/firmware/pico_w.uf2").default } download>working</a> -->

> 1. The microcontroller will be running these precompiled programs for [Pico W](assets/firmware/pico_w.uf2) and [Pico H](assets/firmware/pico_h.uf2). You will need to connect the boards to your PC while holding down the `BOOTSEL` button. This should *"mount"* it as a an external drive. The next step is to copy and paste the `.uf2` files in the `RPI-RP2` drive. Then, assemble a circuit surrounding the microcontroller in order to perform the next tasks:(**3p**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The microcontroller will be running these precompiled programs for [Pico W](/firmware/pico_w.uf2) and [Pico H](/firmware/pico_h.uf2). You will need to connect the boards to your PC while holding down the `BOOTSEL` button. This should *"mount"* it as a an external drive. The next step is to copy and paste the `.uf2` files in the `RPI-RP2` drive. Then, assemble a circuit surrounding the microcontroller in order to perform the next tasks:(**3p**)
```

- A status LED is ON as long as the microcontroller is supplied. The pin that determines the status of the LED is GP1.
- A button is used to toggle the LED integrated on the development board. The pin reading the state of the button is GP2.
- On the screen is displayed an analog value read by the microcontroller on pin ADC0. Create a circuit in order to display the value $$1.65V$$ on the screen.

> If you are curious, you can find the source code of the firmware running [here](https://github.com/UPB-FILS-MA/upb-fils-ma.github.io/tree/main/firmware/lab01).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are curious, you can find the source code of the firmware running in the [repository](https://github.com/UPB-FILS-MA/upb-fils-ma.github.io/tree/main/firmware/lab01).
```
